# Psychological English Learning
*   **Description**: To explain psychological approach for English learning and psychological steps for English learning.

*   **Psychological Approach for English Learning**:    This article explains how to learn English in a psychological way, avoiding the conventional methods used to learn English. It recommends learning English in the same way that a newborn child learns the language. New born children into the world never learn language by understanding grammar or translating it, but by understanding words and their meanings.
  
*   **Psychological Steps for English Learning**:   It explains the psychological steps for learning the English language. This method can be used to learn any new thing.
    *   **Step-1: Make a Strong Desire**:    The first step is to create a strong desire and need in your mind to learn the English language that you need to learn.
    *   **Step-2: Can Learning Without Help**:    Those born into societies that use each specific language learn their respective languages ​​without the help of a syllabus. This method can also be applied to English language learning.
    *   **Step-3: Engineering of Mind for Learning**:    While sleeping, the human subconscious mind will try to understand in detail on factors challenge it. This method is used by people born in societies that use a particular language to learn their respective languages ​​without the help of a syllabus. This method can also be used in English language learning.
    *   **Step-4: Attempt of Learning By Reading Methods**:    Once you have formed a strong need and desire to learn English, the next step is to try to do so. To do this, read an English text, find the meaning of the words you don't understand in it, read the same English text again and understand it, and continue this process.
*   **Step-5: Attempt of Learning By Listening Methods**:    To understand the English language to listening, listen to and try to understand English subtitled videos, find the meaning of the words you don't understand, watch the same English subtitled videos again, and continue this process.
*   **Step-6: Attempt of Learning By Speaking Methods**:    To speak English, join any online community that only speaks English, communicate with them, correct the mistakes that come up, and continue this process. But any AI technology can be used for this. In this way, it is advisable to communicate first using text and then using voice.
*   **Step-7: Attempt of Learning By Thinking Methods**:    Instead of using the translation method, think in English, find ideas in English, if find any mistakes, fix it, and continue this method. This method can range from finding words for surrounding objects and things to do, to finding phrases to use in every situation in life, and even explaining certain experiences in life.
   
